[Music]
by the moves you shoot you understand
dealing with different Hannibal here
boys
hey I think this is yours
[Music]
most important thing keep your finger
off the trigger at all times unless you
need to shoot somebody when that happens
until you run dry
keep your eyes open every cop in the
country is gonna be looking for us
big Nick original gangsta cop in the
flesh
watch italic for dead 6 on the way to
the hospital Peggy he's a bad guy we're
gonna make you a deal
give me the names of all the guys who
got away I'll get your medic hang us yes
yo he's dying son we got a problem it's
a major crime get to know your enemy
boys every big-time crew has been busted
these are the guys who took them down by
magician you understand
sooner or later you'll need their fix
you could yeah we're doing say the flats
we're trading up the federal reserve's
it's like Fort Knox at any one time
there's anywhere between 500 and 800
billion dollars in there every
millimeter of it covered by cameras
sensors and motion detectors 10 cross
streams stare at the building for two
minutes now security on your ass the
bank it's never been robbed
we gotta move
[Music]
you know just means means I am a member
of a gang only we have badges which
means you are done
you look like the type from arrest you
know our cadets even put you in
handcuffs drag you down to the station
we just shoot you
you're not the bad guys
we are like the house city girl I kiss
me
[Music]